# rabbit-administrator-v1
An archive of the code work I did on this bot before a new Discord feature led me to refactor it.

I started making this bot for a friend's Discord server. Originally, the purpose of it was to take JSON data and use it in tandem with Discord to create messages people could react to and assign or unassign roles. However, the scope of this bot has grown massively since I started this which led me to eventually start integrating components that can pull from Twitch.tv and speedrun.com. I also decided to move the bot from JSON to SQLite since the possibility of it being used on more than one server became a thing. Ultimately, the rapid fire number of things happening in an actually incredibly short timespan (the bot's sudden growth paired with new Discord features which made the original purpose of the bot obsolete) led me to decide to refactor the bot entirely, and this archive represents that code before I decided to scrap it and rewrite it.

It should be known that this bot is definitely broken in this state as it was halfway through a rewriting of a lot of its sections, but I've decided to take the useful components and otherwise rebuild it from the ground up. I wouldn't consider it a failed project however; it was one that was written for a different purpose (the goal being a bot meant for only one server that I could put together quickly without the need for more complex things like SQL that just handled converting roles into reactions) than the bot ultimately ended up needing to serve. By archiving this code, it kind of functions as a snapshot of my learning process, as I've also archived the various data files and notes I took during the process of writing this.

I wouldn't recommend actually using this and it probably doesn't even work to begin with. It's pretty bad code overall, but it (did) work and in its original incarnation only took me the better part of an hour to write and debug. Now that it's a larger project that I'm putting much more time in to, I imagine the next incarnation will be significantly better.
